Building Authentic Relationships, Practice Quiz



1]  According to Molly Fletcher, "If we have enough passion for the work we want to do, or the path
    we want to take, then we will suffocate or overcome the fear that sometimes gets in the way." True or false?
Ans::  True


2]  According to Molly Fletcher, what statement below best describes the definition of fearlessness?
Ans::  Be consistently, uniquely and respectfully aggressive


3]  In the reading titled "7 Suggestions for Asking More Powerful Questions" written by Michael Hyatt, which of the
    following statements describe his approach to building authentic relationships by asking powerful questions?
Ans::  All of the above are correct


4]  According to Molly Fletcher, which of the following statements represent her approach to developing and implementing a Career Game Plan?
Ans::  All of the above are correct


5]  According to Moly Fletcher, "When it comes to career planning, we can have passion, we can have a great game plan, and we can have
    discipline but at the end of the day we have to execute." True or false?
Ans:: True


6]  Regarding the reading titled "12 Habits of Genuine People" written by best-selling author Dr. Travis Bradberry, which of the
    following is NOT one of those habits?
Ans::  They are driven by ego
 

7]  According to Molly Fletcher, with regards to making career decisions, "the more clarity we have around what it is that we want to pursue
    long term, and what is our purpose in our own life, that clarity will help drive the right choice." True or false?
Ans::  True


8]  According to Molly Fletcher, another word for authenticity is what?
Ans::  sincerity


9]  According to Molly Fletcher, which of the following statements best represent her philosophies on failure?
Ans::  All of the above are correct


10]  In this module's last video lecture, Molly Fletcher's career advice is best described as: "Don't give up on whatever it is you believe
    your purpose is and what to want to do...stay the course!" True or false?
Ans::  True